Let's introduce a new string method that works with lists.
Join. Join takes a list as an argument,
and returns a string consisting of the list elements,
joined by separator string.
In this example, we use a string backslash and,
as a separator, so that there's a new line between each element.
Fore newline, aft newline, starboard newline, port.
We can also use other strings as separators would join.
Here, we use a hyphen.
It's important to remember to separate each of
the items in the list you're joining, with a comma.
Forgetting to do so, will not trigger an error,
but will also give you unexpected results.
In the example below,
omitting a comma between Garcia and Okelly,
results in the following: Notice how
the hyphen separator is missing between Garcia and Okelly,
and instead, the two strings were appended.
This happens because of Python's default string literal appending.
If join returns different results than expected,
check for missing commas.
Also, note that join will trigger an error,
if we try to join anything other than strings.
We get an error here,
because an integer was included in the list.
Lastly, a helpful method called append,
adds an element to the end of the list.
Next, you'll practice working with lists,
and explore more list methods.